Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
A. A programming language is a special language programmers use to develop software programs, scripts, or other sets of
    instructions for computers to execute.
What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
A. It includes the Java Runtime Environment (JRE), an interpreter/loader(java), a compiler (javac), an archiver(jar),a
     documentation generator (javadoc) and other tools needed in Java development.
What is IDE?
A. An IDE is a software application which enables users to more easily write and debug Java programs.
What are the IDEs available in the market to support java? Eclipse, NetBeans, IntelliJ, BlueJ
Explain the entire java life cycle. The code is written in a text editor, converted into a .java source file,
    goes through a Java compiler and turned into Bytecode, goes through the JVM and than into the Operating System.
what is class? A class are templates that are used to create objects, and to define object data types and methods.
What is object? Objects are states and behaviors.
What is the entry point of an application? The Main Method.
Why main is static? The keyword static allows main to be called without having to instantiate a particular instance of
    the class.
Which class is the superclass of all classes? The Object class.
What is difference between path and classpath variables? Path is an environment variable which is used by the operating
    system to find the executables. Classpath is an environment variable which is used by the Java compiler to find the
    path.
What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class? An interface can mostly declare methods, it can implement
    methods if it is static. A method in Abstract class can only declare, methods without abstract has to implement.

Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ? No, you would use the Interface
    or Abstract class by extending it or implementing it through a concrete class.
what is Access Specifier? Access Specifiers specifies accessbibility of a data member, method, constructor or class.
What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP. OOP is Object Oriented Programming,
Inheritance: When one object acquires all the properties and behaviors of a parent object.
Polymorphism: One task is performed by different ways. Also method overloading and method overriding.
Abstraction: Hiding internal details and showing functionality.
Encapsulation: Binding code and data together into a single unit.
What is Java Package and which package is imported by default? A package is a mechanism to encapsulate a group of classes.
    Java.lang package is imported by default.
What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far. An API is a Application Programming Interface. Java.util.Scanner,
    java.io.BufferedReader, java.util.ArrayList,
Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not? No, not through class. To reduce the complexity and
    simplify the language.
What is method overloading and when it happens? Method Overloading happens when a class has multiple methods with the
    same name but different parameters.
Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it. An exception is an abnormal condition. We use Exception Handling which
    is a mechanism to handle runtime errors such as ClassNotFoundException, IOException, SQLException, RemoteExeption, etc
What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ? The static keyword belongs to the class
    than an instance of the class. A Static variable can be used to refer to the common property of all objects. A static
    method can be invoked without the need for creating an instance of a class.
What is final and how it has been used variables and methods? final keeps the value of variables the same, you cannot
    change it. If you make any method as final, you cannot override it.
What is final, finally and finalize?
Final is used to apply restrictions on class, method and variable.
Finally is used to place important code, it will be executed whether exception is handled or not.
Finalize is used to perform clean up processing jsut before object is garbage collected.
What is a constructor ? It is a spceial type of method which is used to initialize the object.
Can we have multiple constructors in a class? Yes.
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation? Default Constructor.
What is "this" keyword in java ? "this" keyword can be used to refer current class instance variable.
What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use? The super keyword in Java is a reference variable
    which is used to refer immediate parent class object. 3 Possible ways.
What is JVM stand for ? Java Virtual Machine
Is JVM platform independent? Yes.
What version of java are you using? 11.0.1
What is JAR stand for ? Java Archive.
What is the difference between JDK and JVM? A JDK is a software development environment which is used to develop Java
    applications and applets. JVM is a specification that provides a runtime environment in which Java bytecode can be
    executed.
What is the difference between JVM and JRE? JRE is a set of software tools which are used for developing Java applications.
    JVM is a specification that provides a runtime environment in which Java bytecode can be exceuted.
What is compile time and run time? Compile is happening when the code is being written, run time happens when the code
    is executed.
What is heap? Heap is a place in RAM where the object is stored.
How java manage it's memory? Java Garbage Collection
What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder? A String object cannot be changed,
    StringBuffer is mutable, which means you can change the value of the object.
    StringBuilder allows manipulating character sequences by appending, deleting and inserting characters and strings.
What is Singleton class? A Singleton class is used to control object creation by keeping a private constructor.
What is Serialization and Deserialization? Serialization is the process of converting an object into a sequence of bytes
    which can be persisted to a disk or database or can be sent. Deserializtion is the process of reconstructing the
    object from the serialized state.
when to use transient variable in java? The transient keyword is to indicate to the Java Virtual Machine that the indicated
    vaiable is not part of the persistent state of the object.
Difference between while and do..while loop? The java while loop is a control flow statement that executes a part of the
    programs repeatedly on the basis of given boolean condition. The do while loop is a control flow statement that
    executes a part of the programs at least once and the further execution depends upon the given boolean condition.
What is Enum? Enum in Java is a data type that contains fixed set of constants.
What is Iterator? An iterator is an interface that is used in place of Enumerations in the Java Collection Framework.
Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer? An int and integer will hold the same data.
Why is String Immutable in Java? Sting objects cannot be changed or modified.
What is constructor chaining in Java? Constructor chaining is the process of calling one constructor from another
    constructor with respect to current object.
The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector? Serial Collector is mostly designed for single-threaded
    environments. Parallel Garbage collector is used for muti-threaded environments.
What is JIT stands for? Just In Time.
Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection? The Heap is the space where objects are stored. The Garbage Collection
    cleans the Heap of objects no longer in use.
Can you guarantee the garbage collection process? No.
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java? Stack is used for static memory allocation and Heap for dynamic
    memory allocation.
What is reflection in java and why is it useful? Java Reflection is a process of examining or modifying the run time
    behavior of a Class at run time.
what is multithreading in java? A thread is a lightweight sub-process, the smallest unit of processing. Mutithreading
    in Java is a process of executing mutliple threads simultaneously.
What is the use of synchronization in Java? Synchronization in Java is the capability to control the access of multiple
    threads to any shared resource.
What is Framework? Frameworks generally refer to broad software development platforms.
What are the testing Framework available in java? Junit, TestNG
Difference between jUnit and testNG? JUnit methods have to be declared as static. TestNG does not have this constraint.
What are the dependencies for this project?
what is dependency injection in java? Dependency injection is a technique whereby one object supplies the dependencies
    of another object.
What is static binding and dynamic binding? Static Binding: When type of the object is determined at compiled time, it
    is known as static binding. Dynamic Binding: When type of the object is determined at run-time. 









